General Manager Qin, please meet Cheese Li.
Young master, why is he here again?
This is to send us money.
Go and bring them in.
Hey hey, Miss Li missed me so fast
You talk to me a little attention Thanh Phong Minh
Shut up, this doesn't even have your talk.
Sister, he's teasing you.
Presumptuous, how do I get along with teenagers, still need you to teach? Get out?
What are you doing out there?
Everyone who comes is a guest.
I didn't even thank the animals.
Thanks for the animal.
Miss Li is here.
I'm here to talk between us.
Qin Feng Ming, don't deceive people too much
Don't take this crazy dog with you when you go out.
This affects the relationship between the two of us.
Qin Phuong Minh friend